------------------------------
  Software License Agreement
------------------------------

                                 IMPORTANT

Read this agreement before installing or using the Software. Installing
and/or using the Software on your computer indicates your acceptance of
these terms. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, delete the
Software and all it's associated files from your computer. This Software
License Agreement gives you ONLY RESTRICTED RIGHTS to use the Software (and
all it's associated files and documentation) as follows:

YOU MAY

      1.  Use the Software without charge on as many systems as you wish,

      2.  Share the Software with others for their personal use, but only
          if you share it intact, without any changes or modifications of
          any kind, and complete with all it's documentation and associated
          files. You must pass it on exactly in the same form as we release
          it, or not pass it on at all,

      3.  Make backup copies of the Software, so long as you place our
          copyright notice on the backup copies,

      4.  Request and receive technical support as provided in the
          particular product's Product Support Policy.

      5.  Vendors may distribute the Software free of charge by electronic
          or other means for the purpose of technical support, but may not
          include the Software in their products without our written permission.

YOU MAY NOT

      1.  Use the Software in any way except as provided in this agreement,

      2.  Modify, alter, copy, transfer, or reproduce the Software in any
          way, except as expressly allowed in this agreement,

      3.  Translate, de-assemble, de-compile, reverse program, or reverse
          engineer the Software or any of its components,

      4.  Charge any kind of fee for distributing the Software without our
          written permission,

      5.  Use the Software for commercial purposes without our permission,

      6.  Sublicense, lease, rent, sell, distribute, or otherwise dispose
          of the Software without our written permission.

This license is effective from the date of first use of the Software and
shall remain in force until terminated. You may terminate this agreement by
destroying any and all copies of the Software and its documentation.
Parallel Technologies, Inc. may terminate this agreement if you fail to
comply with any of the terms and conditions of it. You agree to destroy any
and all copies of the Software and its documentation, in whatever form, if
we terminate this license agreement, and you agree to provide us written
certification of such destruction upon our request.

Statement of Exclusion of Warranty

ALL PRODUCTS DELIVERED PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT ARE DELIVERED ON AN
"AS-IS" BASIS AND PARALLEL TECHNOLOGIES, ITS DEALERS AND DISTRIBUTORS,
EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABLE
QUALITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

Limitation of Liability

PARALLEL TECHNOLOGIES DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES RELATING TO THIS SOFTWARE,
WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND ALL
SUCH WARRANTIES ARE EXPRESSLY AND SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMED.  NEITHER
PARALLEL TECHNOLOGIES NOR ANYONE ELSE WHO HAS BEEN INVOLVED IN THE
CREATION, PRODUCTION, OR DELIVERY OF THIS SOFTWARE SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY
INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES OR
DAMAGES DUE TO LOST PROFITS, DATA, OR INFORMATION ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR
INABILITY TO USE SUCH SOFTWARE EVEN IF PARALLEL TECHNOLOGIES HAS BEEN
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES OR CLAIMS.  IN NO EVENT SHALL
PARALLEL TECHNOLOGIES' LIABILITY FOR ANY DAMAGES EVER EXCEED THE PRICE PAID
FOR THE LICENSE TO USE THE SOFTWARE, REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF CLAIM.  THE
PERSON USING THE SOFTWARE BEARS ALL RISKS AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE
OF THE SOFTWARE.  This warranty gives you specific rights and you may have
other rights.

This agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Washington and
shall inure to the benefit of Parallel Technologies, Inc. and any
successors, administrators, heirs and assigns.  Any action or proceeding
brought by either party against the other arising out of or related to this
agreement shall be brought only in a STATE or FEDERAL COURT of competent
jurisdiction located in King County, Washington.

     =================================================================
     =                        FBI WARNING                            =
     =       Failure to observe the restrictions of this license     =
     =                     may be a violation                        =
     =        of 17 United States Code sections 101 through 810      =
     =      which carries severe personal and corporate penalties.   =
     =================================================================
